Use the Guided Workflow Reports menu before and after drills to collect evidence, review readiness, and keep recovery decisions visible.
The Reports menu groups configuration, MAA, service HA, backup, baseline backup, and lifecycle coverage in one guided place.
Start with the target configuration report to document topology, storage, files, FRA, listeners, and non-default parameters.
Run the MAA readiness review to detect the current MAA posture and highlight HA, DR, backup, and recoverability gaps.
Set RTO and RPO planning context so reports can connect the technical posture to business recovery expectations.
Review service design for AC, TAC, FSFO, Data Guard role-based services, and Active Data Guard DML redirection awareness.
Generate the backup strategy report to review backup sources, RMAN catalog use, recoverability, and estimated RTO and RPO posture.
Use the baseline backup choices after destructive drills or structural changes, and dry-run before creating the backup.
The lifecycle coverage report shows which scenarios have validation, protection, execution, recovery, and evidence coverage.
Finish by opening the Review Center so operators can inspect the latest reports, logs, runbooks, and HTML copies without rerunning drills.